Update assign-licenses-to-user-accounts-with-microsoft-365-powershell.md (#9285)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/assign-licenses-to-user-accounts-with-microsoft-365-powershell.md

Get-MgUser -Filter 'assignedLicenses/$count eq 0' -ConsistencyLevel eventual -CountVariable unlicensedUserCount -All
```

> To find the unlicensed Synchornized users in your oganization, run this command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the unlicensed synchronized users in your organization, run this command.
```
